hi I'm Colin the community manager here
at Sucker Punch productions in the most
recent update for infamous - we added a
new feature allowing you create your own
comic book style 2d cutscenes this is a
great way to tell your own story within
your mission in this tutorial I'll
explain the basics of how to set up and
modify a 2d cutscene first you'll need a
place a cutscene shot note which is
located in the core logic pack once you
have placed a node you'll need to
trigger the cutscene to start this could
be on a mission start when you perform
an action or enter a volume now that
we've placed a volume we need to connect
it to the cutscene shot note with the
logic for the cutscene to start you can
now begin building the scene first we
will place the camera to define our shot
to do so bring up the Edit wheel for the
cutscene shot node and select edit
camera you can move the camera around as
well as zoom and roll to add a character
an object select edit actor and props
once in this view it will only show
objects that are visible to the cutscene
objects that glow red are currently not
visible by the camera with cold now
place in the shot you can apply a pose
to it use pose for shot to give you
access to a number of poses for each
character and expressions to pick from
to help tell your story you can add
speech bubbles and captions via the
cutscene shot note and selecting edit
you can control the drawing styles of
the captions to best fit your story
ellipse rounded rectangle bond and
caption you can change the visuals of
your shot by editing the look option
press the triangle button to preview dry
give these the same look as the game
classic one gives you a comic book style
filter classic 2 gives you a variation
of the comic book style filter edgy
makes all edges stronger tinted provides
a SEPA tone style
now that you've set up your first shot
you should test it out just go to the
mission start note and select play
mission you can add multiple shots
simply by adding a new cutscene shot
note and connecting it to the first shot
here's an example from infamous festival
blood
thanks for watching this tutorial on
creating your own 2d cutscene join our
community at sucker punch comm for the
latest news and support on infamous 2
and UGC